Add the maker bundle (#3615)
contao/contao: maker-bundle/README.md

# Contao 4 maker bundle

[![](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/contao/maker-bundle.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/contao/maker-bundle)
[![](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/contao/maker-bundle.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/contao/maker-bundle)

The maker bundle allows you to generate content elements, front end modules,
event listener, callbacks and hooks using interactive commands.

Contao is an Open Source PHP Content Management System for people who want a
professional website that is easy to maintain. Visit the [project website][1]
for more information.

## Installation

Run this command to install and enable the bundle in your application:

```
composer require contao/maker-bundle --dev
```

## Usage

This bundle provides several commands under the `make:` namespace. You can list
them all with the following command:

```

> php bin/console list make:contao

Reviewer: ```suggestion
php vendor/bin/contao-console list make:contao
```
I think we are using `vendor/bin/contao-console` in the Contao docs.

> Available commands for the "make:contao" namespace:
>   make:contao:content-element  Creates an empty content element
>   make:contao:dca-callback     Creates a dca callback
>   make:contao:event-listener   Creates an event listener for a Contao event
>   make:contao:frontend-module  Creates an empty front end module
>   make:contao:hook             Creates a hook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Available commands for the "make:contao" namespace:
  make:contao:content-element  Creates a new content element
  make:contao:dca-callback     Creates a new DCA callback listener
  make:contao:event-listener   Creates a new event listener
  make:contao:frontend-module  Creates a new front end module
  make:contao:hook             Creates a new hook listener
```
The command description seem to have changed ☺️
